I was expecting him to report the temperature
Turns out to be a fool
Throw him out after this meal
Brother, how can you do this?
If you throw it out so big, he's sure to die
What do you say?
How long did we take care of me and not tell you?
We're both about to open the pot and spend money to support him
Right
I seem to have exceeded a little
But can I have an extra odd job?
By the way, find a way to contact his family
brother
The taekwondo next door to Langtu kicked people into the gym
The saber lost everyone
Are you going to start the overall situation?
These guys
Think of a way to manage the cultural management business and let him fix this
You go too far.
go away
Hahahahahaha
I'm a big tiger, I'll call the police
Beating us is nothing
Our master Xiao He is the most powerful person
Hahahaha economic strength
It's a black belt I specially invited from Korea
Humph swept through 18 martial arts halls in Jiangcheng
How could your sale be his choice?
Give up the shutdown as soon as possible, hahaha.
Master, I put the door over me
Unknown thing
Brother, let's have a black one